is anyone ready for Christmas I really
hope no one is because my kids though
are very ready but they've had enough of
being good they're done with it this
this Elf on a shelf is like the FBI
watching them at all time my daughter
Jane is five now she's very focused on
the elf we have to move him around at
night you know so the other night she
says well where does the elf go every
night and my wife said he go he goes
home to the North Pole to tell Santa
what he saw and then Jane says well how
does he go all the way there and get
back for morning and my wife's like
magic I guess and then Jane says very
seriously am I supposed to believe
everything things are hard to believe
you know in Washington itthere
decorating the halls of Congress as we
celebrate impeachment Eve tomorrow the
house if I worked at the White House I
would definitely call in sick tomorrow
I'd be like oh I feel something coming
on Republicans continue to insist there
is nothing illegal about the illegal
things the president did they're
doubling down on conspiracy theories
distraction techniques they're demanding
to know the identity of Joe Biden's
Secret Santa it's gotten ridiculous
yesterday the House Judiciary Committee
released a 658 report detailing the
president's misdeeds which who is gonna
read that you you know you expect the
American public to read a 658 page
anything we can't even catch up on our
TV shows I have six episodes of
succession to get to unless that report
comes printed on a pizza box nobody is
going to see it the president lashed out
today shocking I know he said he takes
zero responsibility for his impeachment
of course he says the same thing about
Eric and Donald Jr so the president
surprised everyone today by sending a
six-page letter to Nancy Pelosi the
Speaker of the House and this look this
might be the most deranged letter to
Santa ever is a long stupid disingenuous
and incoherent defense signed by an
angry gorilla with a sharpie
is that a signature or a seizure this is
why you don't snort sudafed on an empty
stomach
so once Trump gets impeached which will
happen tomorrow there will be a trial in
the republican-controlled Senate that
will be a joke Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell today rejected Democrats
doing requests for witnesses he wants a
no witness trial he also said he'll be
running the trial in close coordination
with the White House which sat seems
fair let the guy on trial run it that's
perfect but according to a new poll from
ABC News in the Washington Post 60% of
Americans will get a fair trial in the
Senate oh thanks everybody
but when they say a fair trial they
don't mean unbiased they mean they're
expecting it to be fair like a County
Fair with corn dogs and farm animals and
it's pretty large than everybody what is
it that you're doing right now oh I'm
practicing practicing for what I'm
practicing how to do the monologue
tomorrow oh right that's right tomorrow
night I have an excused absence and Bree
has kindly agreed to host the show for
me what is this oh I just I'm
researching I always take my roles very
serious okay yeah like for Captain
Marvel I actually had myself blasted
with massive amounts of cosmic radiation
from a magic rock that's quite a
commitment you made yeah so this is this
now yeah okay I just wanna understand
the physicality of what it means to be a
talk show host so I want to stand like
you move like you and I'm even wearing
your Spanx right now that's weird
so you're just gonna like do your yeah
this yeah finish that and I'll just be
you know over here okay yeah all right
all right
G natural it's done everybody chill
this is a holiday thing that I didn't
know was the thing until today
apparently we have a shopping problem in
the United States that we knew but this
problem is new almost two out of five
Americans 39 percent say they do their
holiday shopping Wow Drive which what is
wrong with people do your shopping I'm
sorry but I know a this is making it a
little hard for me to do this this is
making it a little hard sorry yeah of
course um I'm sorry that this is weird
for you I'm just trying to do a good job
but I'll just yeah I'll get out of your
way thank you I appreciate it okay thank
you for eating yep
I'll see you tomorrow okay okay great so
back to the driving and shopping it's a
dangerous thing to do it and you
shouldn't do it but if you do do it and
a cop pulls you over and ask what you
are doing on your phone just saying
buying you an X Fox officer you're doing
it again aren't you okay you're really
being a baby about this I'm sorry but
I'm trying to
all right so anyway where was I Oh ABC
yesterday unveiled a new crop of
romantic hopefuls for the new season of
The Bachelor did you see any of these
it's quite a lineup we've got three
flight attendants and five beauty
pageant winners this season and some of
these contestants have interesting jobs
there for instance there's Kelsey who is
a professional clothier from Iowa which
I believe means she works at Marshall's
Avonlea is a cattle rancher which I
which is believable and they have won
one late entry to the batch of Mike
Bloomberg who claims to be a billionaire
anyway
that's some that's Bree larger she's
very committed to this by the way the
reason Bree is hosting our show tomorrow
is because tomorrow night in primetime
I'm teaming up with Norman Lear for
another edition of live in front of a
studio audience we did this in Maine we
did episodes and The Jeffersons and this
year we're doing a Christmas episode of
all in the family and good times and
we're doing the shows live and joining
us now is most of the cast from the in
fact like me all of the cast from those
shows I ever
[Applause]
thanks for being a part of this look at
that there they are with the great
Norman Lear on the set of all in the
family right there does anyone feel that
signing up for this was a huge mistake
well anyone could answer this but what's
the scariest part of doing the show live
well the fact that they'll be Mane's of
people watching in the middle of
rehearsals right now okay so it's good
that I interrupted that who knows their
lines best of everyone at this point
who's in the best shape all right
there's a mixed eye right so some of you
do know the lines well well that's
probably good so the last time we did
this Ellie Kemper who plays glory and
all the family he announced that you
were pregnant is there anything you or
anyone would like to announce now have
you found a husband on set no but I'm
working on it I invited some bachelors
so we don't have a contest
and now woody and Marissa play Archie
and Edith bunker woody will you be
smoking Archie's signature cigars or
will you be having your own pre-rolls
for this this is gonna be quite and I
I'm really excited about it last time we
want an Emmy for this so you know the
pressure is really on all right
everybody let's not have any screw-ups
at all all right well thank you all
we'll see you tomorrow night all the
family and good times live for 90
minutes starting at 8 o'clock 7:00
central here on ABC and by this time
tomorrow night
one of those people will be zero degrees
from Kevin Bacon which is probably the
most exciting thing of all all right
so tonight on the show we have a good
one Oh Bri come back tomorrow Kathy
you're welcome Darrin Gillan tomorrow
mark tonight mark Robers here tonight
Kevin Garnett is with us I will be right
back with Adam Sandler so hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that
you are a box